-> INHERITANCE 
 Mechanism in which one object acquires all the properties and behaviors of a parent object. 
Inheritance represents the IS-A relationship which is also known as a parent-child relationship.

(Subclass and Superclass)
In Java, it is possible to inherit attributes and methods from one class to another. We group the "inheritance concept" into two categories:

(i) subclass (child class which is inheriting) - the class that inherits from another class
(ii) superclass (parent class which is being inherited) - the class being inherited from
To inherit from a class, use the extends keyword.

Syntax:
class Subclass-name extends Superclass-name  
{  
   //methods and fields  
}  

The extends keyword indicates that you are making a new class that derives from an existing class.

-> Types Of Inheritance (Single,Multi-level,Hierarchical,Hybrid)
(1) Single Inheritance : When a class inherits another class, it is known as a single inheritance, one class inheriting from another.
(2) Multilevel Inheritance : In multi-level inheritance, a class is derived from a class which is also derived from another class.
A class that has more than one parent class is called multi-level inheritance. 
(3) Hierarchical Inheritance : If a number of classes are derived from a single base class, it is called hierarchical inheritance.
(4) Hybrid Inheritance : Hybrid means consist of more than one. Hybrid inheritance is the combination of two or more types of inheritance.
GrandFather is a super class. The Father class inherits the properties of the GrandFather class. So Father and GrandFather represents single inheritance. 
Further, the Father class is inherited by the Son and Daughter class. Thus, the Father becomes the parent class for Son and Daughter. These classes represent 
hierarchical inheritance. Combinedly, it denotes the hybrid inheritance.

NOTE: C++ supported Multiple Inheritance, but Java doesn't support Multiple Inheritance.















































































